This is a specifiaction for the charge transfer ineffiency (CTI) tool.
This will measure the CTI in a single observation of the calibration
source.  Trending invovles an ad hoc correction based and data from 
the rejct counter during the science run and well as temperature
corrections based on the foval plane temperature.  Those data will be
needed outside of this tool but should be gathered in parallel

Input :
Level 1 acis events file.


Process
for each observation
  for each FP temperature * (this is not done currently but has been requested)
    for each CCD
	For each node
	    for each line (MnKa, TiKa, AlKa)
	      1) divide the node in to 4 groups, columns (0:250, 260:510,
	      520:750,  780-1020)  
	      2) fit each line in ADU space using a polynomial fit.
		 MnKa ~ 1250 ADU, TiKa~1000 ADU, AlKa ~300 ADU
	      3) find Amplitude, centoid, sigma and FWHM of each fit.
	      4) plot the centiod of each fit as a function of row
	      number.  fit these 4 points to a line.  return the slope
	      (m) and the intercept (b).
	      CTI = m/b*10^(-4)


outputs:
1) Summary results for each run to a file or set of file to text file
and databases.
	For each line
	    for each chip 
report the following record for each temperture.
line      Tstart            Tstop             obsid      OBI CCDID   NODE  m  err  b err CTI err  Cold Radiator**  

**Note the cold raditor is a kludge the real thing we want is the Focal plane temperature.
FP temp is in housekeeping data.


2) CCD MTA ACIS CTI node Analysis Report to web  

this reports the CCD, OBSID, Tstart, Tstop and temperature for 
each observation and  contains the following plots in png and postscript form
For each line 
    for each node
	a plot showing the fit done in step 4.
and for each subnode 
	for each line
	a plot showing the fit done in step 2 
	plus the date requested in step 3 for each fit.	

	Run time of the tool should be written at the bottom of the page


3) for each obervation MTA ACIS CTI top level Analysis Report to web   


this reports the CCD, OBSID, Tstart, Tstop and temperature for 
each observation 

There should be a box for CTI entries for all 40 nodes.
The values form this run (usually 24 nodes) should be 
filled in 

Contains link to each node report

Run time of the tool should be written at the bottom of the page
